well howdy there internet people it's Bo
again so today we're going to talk about
one of my heroes and someone who I think
is probably one of the most interesting
people the 20th century and certainly
one of the most prolific correspondents
of the 20th century a life full of
stories each story could be made a movie
odds are though you probably never heard
the name career started covering the
Spanish Civil War
hanging out with none other than Ernest
Hemingway went on to cover the rise of a
certain German dictator was there on
d-day went ashore on d-day was one of
the first journalists to report from the
camps that alone that is an impressive
career that's enough for any
correspondent that's amazing went on to
cover Vietnam the israeli-arab conflicts
the wars in Central America Panama
almost went to Bosnia that point to old
the Spanish Civil War to Panama that is
a person with some stories right there
but in fact one of the coolest stories
to me was didn't have authorization to
go ashore on d-day so went aboard a
nurses ship under the guise doing
interviews locked away and hid in the
bathroom when the time came
impersonated a stretcher bearer to get
ashore filed the report and then the
military police promptly showed up and
they got arrested got arrested because I
mean obviously the stowing away part was
a problem but also because women weren't
allowed to do that
her name is Martha Gellhorn and even
then in detention because she did that
she still had a job to do she escaped
convinced a British pilot to fly her out
she didn't just hang out with Hemingway
she married him and then Hemingway
chased her around trying to get her to
quit sent her some pretty direct letters
asking her if she was a correspondent or
his wife this is person who led an
amazing life and changed the rules even
the day
combat correspondence that's a boys club
it's changing slowly but it's a boys
club it's changing because of people
like her a lot of things in society
change because people just do it anyway
it's not what's acceptable but they just
do it they are wrong in all of the right
ways and it moves our society forward
thing is most of them never get the
recognition they should now she has
especially within the journalist
community very interesting life
certainly worth the read
if you're bored today and just never
forget that as we move forward there
will be other people who do things that
are against the social norm and that
later W looked at as heroes anyway it's
just a thought I'll have a good day